[v4] document removed theme config options (#3317)
shuding/nextra: docs/app/docs/docs-theme/theme-configuration/head/page.mdx

| --------------------- | ------------------------------------------------ | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| children              | `ReactNode{:ts}`                                 | Content of `<head>`                                                                 |
| color.hue             | `number \| { dark: number; light: number }{:ts}` | The hue of the primary theme color.<br/>Default: `{ dark: 204, light: 212 }{:json}` |
| color.saturation      | `number \| { dark: number; light: number }{:ts}` | The saturation of the primary theme color.<br/>Default: `100{:json}`                |
| backgroundColor.dark  | `"rgb(RRR,GGG,BBB)" \| "#RRGGBB"{:ts}`           | Background color for light theme.<br/>Default: `"rgb(17,17,17)"{:json}`             |
| backgroundColor.light | `"rgb(RRR,GGG,BBB)" \| "#RRGGBB"{:ts}`           | Background color for dark theme.<br/>Default: `"rgb(250,250,250)"{:json}`           |
| faviconGlyph          | `string{:ts}`                                    | The glyph to use as the favicon                                                     |

</Table>

## Static Head Tags

> If you have only static head tags, it’s easy to directly put them in `Head`. For

Author: ```suggestion
If you have static head tags, they should be put as `children` in `Head`. For
```

example:

```jsx filename="app/layout.jsx"
import { Layout } from 'my-nextra-theme'
import { Head } from 'nextra/components'

export default function MyLayout({ children, ...props }) {
  return (
    <html lang="en">
      <Head>
        <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0" />
        <meta property="og:title" content="Nextra" />
        <meta property="og:description" content="The next site builder" />
      </Head>
      <body>
        <Layout>{children}</Layout>
      </body>
    </html>
  )
}
```

## Dynamic Tags Based on Page

> You can also use a _function component_ as `head` to dynamically generate the

Author: ```suggestion
You can dynamically generate the
```

head tags based on the current page’s front matter. For example:

```jsx
import { useRouter } from 'next/router'
import { useConfig } from 'nextra-theme-docs'

export default {
  head() {
    const { asPath, defaultLocale, locale } = useRouter()
    const { frontMatter } = useConfig()
    const url =
      'https://my-app.com' +
      (defaultLocale === locale ? asPath : `/${locale}${asPath}`)

    return (
      <>
        <meta property="og:url" content={url} />
        <meta property="og:title" content={frontMatter.title || 'Nextra'} />
        <meta
          property="og:description"
          content={frontMatter.description || 'The next site builder'}
        />
      </>
    )
  }
}
```

> You can refer to the [`useConfig`](/docs/docs-theme/api/use-config) API section

Author: ```suggestion
You can refer to the [`useConfig`](/docs/docs-theme/api) API section
```
